Add Data Folder FAQ (#303)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/using-wasabi/WalletRecovery.md

## Backup Wallet File

> Wasabi Wallet creates a backup of your wallet file inside `WalletBackups` in your [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#Where-is-the-Wasabi-data-folder) .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wasabi Wallet creates a backup of your wallet file inside `WalletBackups` in your [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder) .
```

> Wasabi Wallet creates a backup of your wallet file inside `WalletBackups` in your [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder) .

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Wasabi Wallet creates a backup of your wallet file inside `WalletBackups` in your [Wasabi data folder](/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md#where-can-i-find-the-wasabi-data-folder).
```
